HiSilicon Poplar Tools

This git repository contains code and documentation related to the
HiSilicon Poplar board.  The Poplar board uses a HiSilicon Hi3798cv200
quad core ARM Cortex A53 processor, supporting NEON and multi-core
Mali T720 GPU, and is able to decode 4K UHD data streams at 60 fps.
The Poplar board has:  1GB of RAM; about 8GB of eMMC; an Ethernet
port; an HDMI 2.0a port supporting HDCP 2.2; and other support
including WiFi, Bluetooth, and IR.

The file "build_instructions.md" here describes how to build the
code listed above, and how to package the result into a form that
can be used to perform an initial (or recovery) flash of the code
onto the Poplar board's eMMC storage.

The following git repositories contain source code to use for
development with the Poplar board:

https://github.com/linaro/poplar-tools.git
	This repository contains tools related to building software
	for Poplar.  It also includes general development-related
	documentation on the Poplar source code.

https://github.com/linaro/poplar-linux.git
   	The Linux kernel, with additional support for Poplar that is
	not yet upstream.
	
https://github.com/linaro/poplar-u-boot.git
	The U-Boot boot loader with support for Poplar that is not
	yet upstream.

https://github.com/linaro/poplar-arm-trusted-firmware.git
	ARM Trusted Firmware, with support for Poplar that is not
	yet upstream.

https://github.com/linaro/poplar-l-loader.git
	An initial stage boot loader used by Poplar.  Its primary
	purpose is to switch the CPU from operating in 32-bit mode
	to 64-bit mode before launching ARM Trusted Firmware.

What follows are some conventions used for branches in these
repositories.  Note: these conventions are subject to change.

  latest
    This branch is considered the best version of this code to use.
    Checking out the "latest" branch of all repositories, and then
    building them and packaging the result, should be expected to
    produce working software.

  <version>-poplar
    Our aim is to have all code supporting the Poplar board go
    upstream (to various upstream respositories).  Branches that
    support Poplar are created by applying not-yet-upstream patches
    on top of well-defined upstream version branches.  At the
    moment, this only applies to the Linux kernel (which has
    branches like "v4.11.y-poplar" for stable 4.11-based branches
    and "v4.12-rc-poplar" for support built upon the latest Linux
    "-rc" release.

The "poplar" branches will be updated fairly regularly (though their
frequency is not guaranteed).  For example, the Linux branches will
be updated weekly as upstream "-rc" releases get created.  THESE
BRANCH UPDATES WILL BE THE RESULT OF REBASING, NOT MERGING.

For now, there is no "master" branch on any tree except "l-loader".
For "l-loader", this git repository *is* the upstream tree, and the
"master" branch represents the latest, greatest version of the code.
